.DS_Store
CNAME
index.html
resources/.DS_Store
resources/Covelli_Resume_2018.pdf
resources/css/.DS_Store
resources/css/img/.DS_Store
resources/css/old_style.css
resources/css/style.css
resources/img/.DS_Store
resources/img/CONTACT/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/(0) INDEPENDENT PROJECTS.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/(0) MEDIA DESIGN.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/(1) YAL INTRO.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/(2) DESIGN.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/(3) Newspaper Column.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/(4) Outcome.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Media Design/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/Pierce Logo.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/SPEECH AND DEBATE/(0) SPEECH AND DEBATE.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/SPEECH AND DEBATE/(1) DAY OF POLITICS.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/SPEECH AND DEBATE/(2) DEBATE.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/SPEECH AND DEBATE/(3) OUTCOME.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INDEPENDENT PROJECTS/SPEECH AND DEBATE/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/(0) Internsip Experience.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/(1) DRS Overview/DRS Overview.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(0) BRAND CONSULTANCY.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(1) MOQU Introduction.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(2) MOQU Discovery.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(2) MOQU Discovery.png
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(3) MOQU Overview and Elevator Pitch.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(4) E-BLAST.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(5A) COVERAGE.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/(5B) COVERAGE.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/BRAND CONSULTANCY/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(0) SALES.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(1) Buster & Punch Introduction.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(2) Westedge Design Fair Introduction .jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(3) SALES.JPG
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(4) Interview.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/(5) WESTEDGE COVERAGE.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SALES/.DS_Store
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SOCIAL MEDIA/(0) SOCIAL MEDIA.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SOCIAL MEDIA/(3) Social Media Post.png
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SOCIAL MEDIA/(4) Social Media Post.png
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SOCIAL MEDIA/(5) JOTS.jpg
resources/img/PORTFOLIO/INTERNSHIP EXPERIECE/SOCIAL MEDIA/.DS_Store
resources/img/drs.jpg
resources/img/logo.png
resources/img/portrait.jpg
resources/js/script.js
vendors/.DS_Store
vendors/css/.DS_Store
vendors/css/normalize.css
vendors/css/remodal-default-theme.css
vendors/css/remodal.css
vendors/css/slick-theme.css
vendors/css/slick.css
vendors/css/slick.min.js
vendors/fonts/.DS_Store
vendors/fonts/font.css
vendors/fonts/futura_bold_font-webfont.woff
vendors/fonts/futura_bold_font-webfont.woff2
vendors/fonts/futura_light_font-webfont.woff
vendors/fonts/futura_light_font-webfont.woff2
vendors/fonts/futura_medium_bt-webfont.woff
vendors/fonts/futura_medium_bt-webfont.woff2
vendors/js/.DS_Store
vendors/js/jquery-3.2.1.min.js
vendors/js/remodal.min.js
vendors/js/slick.min.js
